the human being always as he thinks he has
fantasy and fulfills koblet one of a kind
political
Cassis
The gates
I say no to racism intolerance
is not self-evident
Tolerance must be lived
Practices or contra our coat of arms stands
for a cosmopolitan club
we say no to racism
dynamo tv is presented by
Feldschlösschen
I am satisfied, I think very well
played and even good against the ball
Respected a plan and if we can
make a driver before
We have a very good game I have
always said when we are
for that another fought that is
easy on 13 games without a goal
great so from striker to we there
everyone works and is working for us
very satisfied that is a heavy one
the game will be known from the first minute
We play at home
full house derby in cottbus the
are abroad have brought nothing
did not win and we with the
David stood with his back to the wall
the red lantern adopted overnight
have now given up again and
I just believe that we are just that
intense in the last two weeks
the games have worked for us too
decide
I think that was seen in the
Fans with us how important that was
feels very good and I know that
I know what I say it was easy
it was really obvious that work was going on
I am very, very happy
i know this is a lot of time instead of music
made and not made there but me
I knew I had to go for everything
but had to be hard and hard
you that is clear I am very very
happy and three points too that she
a lot of people have gone find that
was important
serbia has that he maintained at that
even more important, they are three points
Almost we have the gate so used to it
and it was almost no better
that you win single and the goal
makes that makes that even more beautiful
nonsense says you can so as by side
push yes that's a topic I think
that for him in particular but for
us all as well as a relief
that with the victory it will be
of course the usual 12 games I am
better now this benefiz and for
After that I need trust that is
not in the gate among the most important we
play better susanne everything and that
is not that hard for new players
with this team and I finds
Sad
jürgen klopp also believes a lot yesterday
said to run anyway a
start shot only yesterday again
It also started in Rostock
some incidents of it
I think that our fans are here today
did not let provoke and that
That's good and I think that for us
also must apply so to continue
as it made the fans a
other thing about what they did
in the phase just after the halftime wo
we had a bit of a problem that was
sensational tells me so far one thing
relegationsspiels osnabrück recalls where
really you have noticed the audience
that was now a bit shaky
and then by your side then past
came the normal normal
a few plays that but a gau
with a bad cabin and a lot
spoken
that was important and we stayed
with our stations that was that
that was good what they do to me
not really matter
we are not important at all
important are our fans and what the
people have made there like the scream
that was almost it again
normal so annoying one was underneath that
is so much fun and I'm glad that
I 'll finally be there again
was so right